Trustworthy - Huawei
----------

Information communication technology (ICT) is evolving from a vertical industry
to a platform industry, supporting the digital transformation of various
industries, and creating a fully connected, intelligent world. New technology
trends, such as cloud, artificial intelligence (AI), and software-defined
everything require highly reliable ICT infrastructure, and customers will
continue to value trustworthiness as a basic requirement when investing in ICT
products. Trustworthiness does not only refer to producing successful results,
but it also refers to providing quality process assurance and designing products
in an inherently quality way. Trustworthiness stems from verifiable quality –
both in process and results.

Cyber security and privacy protection are Huawei’s top priorities. Huawei is
building an effective management system using the ISO 9000 quality management
system and ISO/IEC/IEEE 15288 and 12207 system engineering and software
development standards. This ensures that every customer will be provided with a
high-quality product, while employees continue to value product security and
earn our customers’ trust.

In the future, what standards will be needed in the telecom industry to ensure
the fully connected world remains secure? Huawei has been involved in the
development of more than 150 documents, including mainstream security standards,
and process specification guides, as well as regulatory directives, white
papers, and academic papers. Huawei has found that there are no all-encompassing
standards, rather different standards value different aspects of security.
Huawei has experience in large-scale development, network deployment, and
operations and maintenance (O&M), as well as the knowledge to design large and
complex products. We define Huawei’s trustworthiness framework based on common
knowledge in system engineering and using the following four principles:
explainability, implementability, verifiability, and considerable industry
consensus.

Figure 1-1 Huawei trustworthiness framework



We are committed to building trust and high quality into every ICT
infrastructure product and solution we develop. Here are some key areas we as a
company will work on:

Security: Huawei will strengthen the defensive capabilities of its products,
including their ability to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and
availability of services and data.

Resilience: This is the ability of the system to continue to be in a known state
while under attack, even if in a degraded state, and to rapidly recover after an
attack.

Privacy: Protecting privacy is a regulatory requirement, and also the expression
of Huawei’s values as a company. Users should also be able to appropriately
control how their data is used. Information use policies should be transparent
to users. Users should be able to appropriately control when and if they want to
receive information based on their own individual needs. There must be a set of
capabilities and mechanisms to fully protect user private data.

Safety: System failures should not cause unacceptable risks or cause harm to the
safety of any individual person, either directly or indirectly, through damaging
environments or properties.

Reliability & availability: We need to ensure long-term, fault-free operations
for the entire lifecycle of our products. They must be able to rapidly recover
and self-manage, as well as provide predictable and consistent services.

Trustworthiness should be incorporated from the very beginning and throughout
the development, implementation, and innovation of each product. We must ensure
the integrity and bidirectional traceability of each product, from the product’s
innovation to the customer’s premise, and provide proper confidentiality
protection mechanisms (such as permission separation, trust, and behavior
monitoring mechanisms) when necessary to ensure that products are not faked or
tampered with. We must also ensure that deployment, maintenance, and disposal
processes and tools can protect sensitive data from leakage. Trustworthy system
design, trustworthy software implementation, trustworthy delivery and O&M, and
product lifecycle management transformation needs to be implemented in each
domain to achieve trustworthiness.

Over the past 100 years, many of the world’s most successful companies have
fallen because they were not able to adapt to change. Choosing to evolve is the
only way for a company to remain adaptive to changes in the outside world.
Huawei needs to stay open and keep evolving if we hope to remain relevant. Our
Board of Directors has decided to begin a broad transformation program to
fundamentally enhance our software engineering capabilities and practices over
the next five years. Our rotating chairman, Xu Zhijun (Eric Xu), will take
overall accountability for the program. We will allocate an initial budget of
US$2 billion to this program, which will cover all products in our ICT
infrastructure business. Our goal is to develop trustworthy, quality products.
Only in this way can we fulfill our vision and mission: to bring digital to
every person, home and organization for a fully connected, intelligent world.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Clipped from Trustworthy - Huawei
[https://www.huawei.com/en/trust-center/trustworthy#we-offer]

Date clipped: 07-03-2024 09:37 PM

----------
Tags: 